Fixes #1115: Procedure for detecing cycles in graph (#2111)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/partials/usage/config/apoc.nodes.cycles.adoc

.Config parameters
[opts=header]
|===
| name | type | default | description

> | maxDepth | long | Integer.MAX_VALUE | The max number of steps to search for cycles 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| maxDepth | long | Integer.MAX_VALUE | The max number of hops (relationships) to search for cycles 
```

> | relType | String | "" | The relationship type to detect cycles. By default, will be considered all types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| relType | String | "" | The relationship type to detect cycles. By default, all types will be considered.
```
